# **Contributing**

Thank you for your interest in contributing to the `sbt-protofetch`.

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue,
email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change.

# Contributor License Agreement

**Thank you for your interest in sbt-protofetch project ("Project").
You hereby accept and agree to the following terms and conditions
("Agreement") for Your present and future Contributions (as defined
below) submitted to the Project or as part of. Except for the license
granted herein to the Project originator - Coralogix Ltd. together with
any of its affiliates, assignee or successor ("Coralogix" or "us" or
"we"), You reserve all right, title, and interest in and to Your
Contributions.**

**<ins>Definitions</ins>**

\"**You**\" (or \"**Your**\") shall mean the copyright owner or legal
entity authorized by the copyright owner that is making this Agreement
with Coralogix. For legal entities, the entity making a Contribution and
all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
control with that entity are considered to be a single contributor. For
the purposes of this definition, \"*control*\" means (i) the power,
directly or indirectly, to cause the direction or management of such
entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty
percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial
ownership of such entity.

\"**Contribution**\" shall mean the code, documentation, or any original
work of authorship, including any modifications or additions to an
existing work, that is intentionally submitted by You to the Project (or
to Coralogix), inclusion in, or documentation of, the Project (the
\"**Work**\"). For the purposes of this definition, **\"submitted\"**
means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to
the Project or its representatives, including but not limited to
communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
Project for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
designated in writing by You as **\"Not a Contribution.\"**

**<ins>Licenses</ins>**

**Grant of Copyright License**. Subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, You hereby grant to Coralogix and at Coralogix or its
affiliates' discretion, a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive,
no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce,
prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform,
sublicense, sell, and distribute Your Contributions and such derivative
works.

**Grant of Patent License**. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, You hereby grant to Coralogix and, at Coralogix or its
affiliates' discretion, a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive,
no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section)
patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and
otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those
patent claims licensable by You that are necessarily infringed by Your
Contribution(s) alone or by the combination of Your Contribution(s) with
the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If any entity
institutes patent litigation against You or any other entity (including
a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that your
Contribution, or the Work to which you have contributed, constitutes a
direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
granted to that entity under this Agreement for that Contribution or
Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

**<ins>Representations</ins>**

You represent that You are legally entitled to grant the above license.
If your employer(s) has rights to intellectual property that you create
that includes Your Contributions, You represent that you have received
permission to make Contributions on behalf of that employer, that your
employer has waived such rights for your Contributions to Coralogix, or
that your employer has executed a separate written agreement with
Coralogix.

You represent that each of Your Contributions is Your original creation
(see below for submissions on behalf of others). You represent that Your
Contribution submissions include complete details of any third-party
license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related
patents and trademarks) of which you are personally aware, and which are
associated with any part of Your Contributions.

You are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions, except
to the extent You desire to provide support. You may provide support for
free, for a fee, or not at all. Unless required by applicable law,
agreed to in writing, or as stated in this CLA, You provide Your
Contributions on an \"AS IS\" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF
ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any
warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

Should You wish to submit work that is not Your original creation, You
may submit it to Coralogix separately from any Contribution, identifying
the complete details of its source and of any license or other
restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents, trademarks,
and license agreements) of which you are personally aware, and
conspicuously marking the work as \"*Submitted on behalf of a
third-party: \[with its name placed here\]*\". Coralogix shall have the
right to determine at its discretion whether or not to use such
Contribution.

**<ins>Code of Conduct</ins>**

In Your Contribution and/or Work or otherwise in your participation in
the Project, you agree to: (i) not use or include any defamatory,
illegal, derogatory, abusive, harassing, destructive, malicious, or
otherwise, illegitimate content, code or language; or (ii) publish
others' private or personal information without their explicit
permission ("**Code of Conduct**")Coralogix' will be entitled but not
obligated to enforce the Code of Conduct and may take appropriate and
fair action in response to any behaviour that is reasonably deemed by us
to be inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful. Further
Coralogix will have the right but not the obligation to remove, edit, or
reject any comments, code, issues, and other Contributions or Works
submitted hereunder including without limitation by reason of
nonalignment with the Code of Conduct.

You agree to notify Coralogix of any facts or circumstances of which you
become aware that would make these representations inaccurate in any
respect.
